README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/cognophile/NotaFresca.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/cognophile/NotaFresca) 

<img src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/svg/148/148990.svg" alt="contrast-icon" width="64" height="64" align="right" hspace="0" vspace="3"/>

## NotaFresca
When you need to take a note where content is the focus, think NotaFresca for a fresh content-focused perspective on note taking.  

To download the application, head over to the [Releases](https://github.com/cognophile/NotaFresca/releases) page and download the `.zip` file from the latest version. Unpack this locally (double-click the `.zip`) and you'll find the NotaFresca application. Drag this into your Applications folder, and voila!

![](imgs/notafresca-demo.gif)

### Contributing
Please read the [contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more info. 

#### Getting started
##### Cloning 
Let's start off by cloning the project.

_SSH_: 
```
git clone git@github.com:cognophile/NotaFresca.git
```

_HTTPS_: 
```
https://github.com/cognophile/NotaFresca.git
```

##### Installing dependancies
Open a terminal to the location you cloned the project and run the below commands to install the cocopods package manager, and to have it install the required packages for this application.

```
sudo gem install cocoapods
...
pod install
```

##### Building
To build the project, open the `.xcworkspace` and click through the `Product` menu and select `Build` (⌘B). 

##### Running
Running the project can be done by clicking the "play" button in Xcode, or using the button under the `Product` menu labelled `Run` (⌘R). 

---
<sub>Icon made by [SmashIcons](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/smashicons) at [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com) as licensed under [Creative Commons 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/).</sub>

Commit message:

Update to add website link

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/cognophile/NotaFresca.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/cognophile/NotaFresca) 

<img src="https://image.flaticon.com/icons/svg/148/148990.svg" alt="contrast-icon" width="64" height="64" align="right" hspace="0" vspace="3"/>

## NotaFresca
When you need to take a note where content is the focus, think NotaFresca for a fresh content-focused perspective on note taking.  

To download the application, head over to the [Releases](https://github.com/cognophile/NotaFresca/releases) page and download the `.zip` file from the latest version. You can also download it from [the website](https://cognophile.github.io/NotaFres…) in various formats. To unpack the `.zip` locally, double-click it and you'll find the NotaFresca application. Drag this into your Applications folder, and voila!

![](imgs/notafresca-demo.gif)

### Contributing
Please read the [contributing guide](CONTRIBUTING.md) for more info. 

#### Getting started
##### Cloning 
Let's start off by cloning the project.

_SSH_: 
```
git clone git@github.com:cognophile/NotaFresca.git
```

_HTTPS_: 
```
https://github.com/cognophile/NotaFresca.git
```

##### Installing dependancies
Open a terminal to the location you cloned the project and run the below commands to install the cocopods package manager, and to have it install the required packages for this application.

```
sudo gem install cocoapods
...
pod install
```

##### Building
To build the project, open the `.xcworkspace` and click through the `Product` menu and select `Build` (⌘B). 

##### Running
Running the project can be done by clicking the "play" button in Xcode, or using the button under the `Product` menu labelled `Run` (⌘R). 

---
<sub>Icon made by [SmashIcons](https://www.flaticon.com/authors/smashicons) at [Flaticon](https://www.flaticon.com) as licensed under [Creative Commons 3.0](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/).</sub>
